1. Which SQL function is used to count the number of rows in a SQL query?
a) COUNT()
b) NUMBER()
c) SUM()
d) COUNT(*)

2. Which SQL statement is used to extract data from a database?
    a. select
    b. extract
    c. open
    d. get
	
3. You can add a row using SQL in a database with which of the following?
    A.	ADD
    B.	CREATE
    C.	INSERT
    D.	MAKE

4. The SQL WHERE clause:
    A.	limits the column data returned.
    B.	limits the row data returned.
    C.	Both A and B are correct.
    D.	Neither A nor B is correct.

5. Which of the following is the correct order of keywords for SQL SELECT statements?
    A.	SELECT, FROM, WHERE
    B.	FROM, WHERE, SELECT
    C.	WHERE, FROM,SELECT
    D.	SELECT,WHERE,FROM

6. 	To define what columns should be displayed in an SQL SELECT statement:
    A.	use FROM to name the source table(s) and list the columns to be shown after SELECT.
    B.	use USING to name the source table(s) and list the columns to be shown after SELECT.
    C.	use SELECT to name the source table(s) and list the columns to be shown after USING.
    D.	use USING to name the source table(s) and list the columns to be shown after WHERE.

7. An algorithm is
    A.  A machine-learning technique that learns from past experience and adapts itself to new situations
    B.  A Computational procedure that takes some value as input and produces some value as output
    C.  The Science of making machines perform tasks that require intelligence when performed by humans
    D.  None of the above

8. In Machine Learning, classification is
    A.	A subdivision of a set of examples into a number of classes
    B.	A measure of the accuracy, of the classification of a concept that is given by a certain theory
    C.	The task of assigning a classification to a set of examples
    D.	None of the above

9. A clustering algorithm
    A.	Groups similar objects that differ significantly from other objects
    B.	Operates on a database to transform or simplify data to prepare it for a machine-learning algorithm
    C.	Is a symbolic representation of facts or ideas from which information can potentially be extracted
    D.	None of the above

10. A heuristic is
    A.	A set of databases from different vendors, possibly using different database paradigms
    B.	An approach to a problem that is not guaranteed to work but performs well in most cases
    C.	Information that is hidden in a database and that cannot be recovered by a simple SQL query.
    D.	None of the above